#2566 Ability to use default JSON Parser (#2573)
fastify/fastify: docs/Server.md

})
```

<a name="addContentTypeParser"></a>

> #### addContentTypeParser

Reviewer: Wow. I thought we already had a section for this.

> `fastify.addContentTypeParser(content-type, options, parser)` is used to pass custom parser for a given content type. Useful for adding parsers for custom content types. For Eg. `text/json, application/vnd.oasis.opendocument.text`. `content-type` can be a string or string array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fastify.addContentTypeParser(content-type, options, parser)` is used to pass custom parser for a given content type. Useful for adding parsers for custom content types, e.g. `text/json, application/vnd.oasis.opendocument.text`. `content-type` can be a string or string array.
```

```js

> fastify.addContentTypeParser('text/json', { asString: true }, fastify.getDefaultJsonParser('ignore', 'ignore'))
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Explain in this comment why `'ignore', 'ignore' is needed
fastify.addContentTypeParser('text/json', { asString: true }, fastify.getDefaultJsonParser('ignore', 'ignore'))
```
```

<a name="getDefaultJsonParser"></a>
#### getDefaultJsonParser

> `fastify.getDefaultJsonParser(onProtoPoisoning, onConstructorPoisoning)` takes 2 arguments. First argument is ProtoType poisoning configuration and second argument is constructor poisoning configration. Please read more about it <a href="https://github.com/fastify/secure-json-parse#api">here</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fastify.getDefaultJsonParser(onProtoPoisoning, onConstructorPoisoning)` takes two arguments. First argument is ProtoType poisoning configuration and second argument is constructor poisoning configuration. See the <a href="https://github.com/fastify/secure-json-parse#api">`secure-json-parse` documentation</a> for more information.
```
